[X]in the Related Events tab, please delete the recycling the world info. That will leave the section empty for now and  I’ll have some content to add later. thanks
[X]In the Participate section, in the Provide Food at the Fair section, at the end of that section, please add this:

Be a S.T.A.R.

Be a STAR at the Cultural Fair!
As a food vendor for the 2020 Cultural Fair, fairgoers will be encouraged to try items from each vendor.  As they do so, they will judge the item for flavor, aroma, and appearance and record that on their food judge ballots. We will collect the ballots and the food vendor with the highest reviews is the STAR of the Fair.
Grand Prize: Your food vendor fee is waived and you will receive a certificate you can proudly display. You will also be included in our website and Facebook as the Samples Tasting And Review (STAR) of the 2020 Fair.




Then, please delete the Be a S.T.A.R. section which is at the bottom of that Participate page. 

[X]Under the Where and When on the home page add another category: Tips for Having a Great Time at the Fair

And have it open to this:

Tips for Having A Great Time at the Fair
Pick a great Fair attitude.  The Fair is a unique opportunity to explore and learn about the cultures, the family histories and the civic activities that all come together to make our community so wonderful. Take your time as you go through the Fair, talk with everyone, explore everything. The Fair is about sharing and learning. No question is a dumb one. Decide to approach people and things that are different from you and learn about them. The Fair embraces the richness of diversity in our community and we ask you to do so as well with respect for each other, and joy in having a time to do this.

Wear comfortable shoes and clothing as you will be exploring and maybe dancing a bit to the entertainment.

Bring money as our exhibitors will be selling all sorts of amazing items from their cultures, home countries and civic activities.

Bring an appetite. Our food court will have a great selection of foods for sale. Consider making lunch at the Fair your main meal of the day.

Take photos and share them with family, friends and with us on Facebook.


----
[X]For the Educate At the Fair section of the Participate tab, there is a sentence,  What to present.
Please add under that as part of that paragraph, the following:

Present your stories about your travels, cultural traditions in your family or cultures you learned about  in your travels. Tell us about foods and clothing and dance and any other aspects of your cultural heritage or of cultures which you experienced in your travels. Use videos, photos and bring items to share as a ‘show and tell.’  We may ask you if it ok to record your talk so that we can share it with others through our website.


[X] 1. I gave you the wrong date for the Fair. Sorry, it is February 29th so please change that on the home page and on the directions top of that page. Not sure if the date is anywhere else
[X]2. In the Participate section, for the Food Vendors, at the bottom of that section where we made the changes for the STAR competition there are 2 changes to make.
     -the phrase " Your food vendor fee" is repeated so please remove one of those
     -at the last line, starting with "If you wish to enter.....to be a STAR." delete those 2 sentences.
[]3. In the Participate section, I wonder if I forgot to send to you the photos specifically selected to be the gallery for the each participant category (Food, Exhibitor and Entertainer) as I've mentioned this to you several times to do and the gallery is still just the generic one for the whole website. IF YOIU DO NOT HAVE THE PHOTOS SPECIFIC TO EACH OF THOSE 3 GROUPS PLEASE LET ME KNOW ASAP.
[X]4. Dead links.  Just 2 dead links in the Education and Resources section
    -What is Race: PBS Series
    -Hispanic Cultural Center
[?]5. In the Sponsor section, bottom right button for Contact Us For More Info..Please add the email link on that, make the Contact Us the hyperlink, as well as keep it where you have it at the top of the section


